[Music]
if you're walking down the dock and you
happen to see a mine or k34 like I was
and you looked at this notice piece like
I did you might wonder what it's all
about
well in truth it actually just harkens
back to the original design that the my
north of 34 is designed after it was
called a lout and this was called the
nape it's not really used on the bow
here today but it gives a nice
historical perspective of what this
those heritage truly is the concept
behind them in the north of 30 fort is
to take that traditional double-ended
fishing boat design and give it
contemporary touches like a Sun pad for
windshield wipers a powerplant that
propels it at cruising speeds of around
20 miles an hour and more come on back
here and check it all out the rounded
stern has a completely modern boarding
platform and up here is the helm as you
can see everything is totally modern
here's a great example of the
combination of traditional and
contemporary up here you have your
traditional whole side of the port down
here you have a port in the hull itself
not at all traditional right here's
another thing that's not traditional I'm
chilly right now why because this boats
got a kick in air-conditioning system
this full beam mid cabin is certainly a
contemporary touch too if you're looking
for a boat that has some truly historic
roots but at the same time you demand
contemporary performance layout design
and construction the Majorca Islander 34
is definitely about that will pique your
interest
[Music]
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters